docs/UserManual.md, before:

# User Manual

## Table of Contents
1. [System Overview](#1-system-overview)
2. [Administration Overview](#2-administration-overview)
3. [Player Overview](#3-player-overview)


## 1. System Overview

GIAR (Games information and Ratings) is an application that collects information and ratings about videogames.



## 2. Administration Overview

Administrator is a special user who can insert, modify and delete games from the system. Administrator doesn't have the possibility to rate a game or have a list of personal games.

### Log in
![Login Player](./resources/admin-login.png)

### Stats

Administrator can also see information about users games preferences grouped by country and how many users added a game in the Wishlists or in MyGames lists.

![Stats Player](./resources/admin-stats.gif)


### Adding Game
![Adding Player](./resources/admin-newGame.gif)

### Delete Game
![Delete Player](./resources/admin-deleteGame.gif)


### Update Game
![Update Player](./resources/admin-updateGame.gif)


## 3. Player Overview

A Player user has two personal lists: MyGames and WishList. The first is referred to the games that the user has bought, the second is a list of games that the user want to buy in the future. The user can add a game in one of these lists from the specific page of the game, and delete one game from a list accessing to the relative section.

### Sign up

![Signup Player](./resources/player-signup.png)

### Sign in

A user needs an account to access the platform. If a user already has an account, he will insert his Email and Password to access. Otherwise, he has to fill a form composed by Nickname, Email, Password and Country to create a new account.

![Login Player](./resources/player-login.png)

### Search

A user can search a game by name using the search bar on the top of the homepage.

![Seach Player](./resources/player-search.gif)

### Browse Section

A user can browse a list of games choosing one of these filters: platform, year or genre. The user can sort the list of the games by date,name or rating. A user can browse the top rated games per platform.

### Rating

A user can access a specific page for every game that contains all the information about it and on which a user can rate the game.

![Rating Player](./resources/player-rating.png)


### Adding to MyGames


![MyGames Player](./resources/player-addMyGames.gif)



### Adding to MyWish

![WishList Player](./resources/player-addMyWishlist.gif)


### Delete Profile

![Delete Profile](./resources/player-deleteProfile.png)

Commit message:

* Adding more information on User Manual

docs/UserManual.md, after:

# User Manual

## Table of Contents
1. [System Overview](#1-system-overview)
2. [Administration Overview](#2-administration-overview)
3. [Player Overview](#3-player-overview)

## 1. System Overview

GIAR (Games information and Ratings) is an application that collects information and ratings about videogames.

The System Allows:

**An Administrator to:**
- View the Stats all User Preferences by Country
- Adding a New Game
- Update Game
- Delete Game

**An Player User to:**
- Register an Account
- Delete the owner account
- Search a Game
- View the Top List by Platform of all register Games
- Connecting with other players by the private social network
- Make a Wishlist
- Make a List with your Games
- Preference Browse options


## 2. Administration Overview

Administrator is a special user who can insert, modify and delete games from the system. Administrator doesn't have the possibility to rate a game or have a list of personal games.

### Log in
![Login Player](./resources/admin-login.png)

### Stats

Administrator can also see information about users games preferences grouped by country and how many users added a game in the Wishlists or in MyGames lists.

![Stats Player](./resources/admin-stats.gif)

### Adding Game
![Adding Player](./resources/admin-newGame.gif)

### Delete Game
![Delete Player](./resources/admin-deleteGame.gif)

### Update Game
![Update Player](./resources/admin-updateGame.gif)

## 3. Player Overview

A Player user has two personal lists: MyGames and WishList. The first is referred to the games that the user has bought, the second is a list of games that the user want to buy in the future. The user can add a game in one of these lists from the specific page of the game, and delete one game from a list accessing to the relative section.

### Sign up

![Signup Player](./resources/player-signup.png)

### Sign in

A user needs an account to access the platform. If a user already has an account, he will insert his Email and Password to access. Otherwise, he has to fill a form composed by Nickname, Email, Password and Country to create a new account.

![Login Player](./resources/player-login.png)

### Search

A user can search a game by name using the search bar on the top of the homepage.

![Seach Player](./resources/player-search.gif)

### Browse Section

A user can browse a list of games choosing one of these filters: platform, year or genre. The user can sort the list of the games by date,name or rating. A user can browse the top rated games per platform.

### Rating

A user can access a specific page for every game that contains all the information about it and on which a user can rate the game.

![Rating Player](./resources/player-rating.png)

### Adding to MyGames

![MyGames Player](./resources/player-addMyGames.gif)

### Adding to MyWish

![WishList Player](./resources/player-addMyWishlist.gif)

### Top Game by Platform

![WishList Player](./resources/player-topAndroid.png)

### Delete Profile

![Delete Profile](./resources/player-deleteProfile.png)
